Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- ♪ Everything ♪
♪ In its right place
♪ There are two colors
in my head ♪
♪ There are
two colors in my head ♪
♪ What. what is that
you tried to say? ♪
♪ What. what was that
- Tonight was fun.
-It was. wasn't it?
-Mm.
-I love that place.
-Mm-hmm.
This is me.
- What. all of it?
Wow. I'd love to meet
your divorce attorney.
Oh. he's in jail now.
Right. all the best ones are.
Oh. God.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. it's work.
Don't hate me.
- Your patients take
advantage of you.
- Ain't that the truth.
- Someone tipped off the feds.
OK.
Let me see what I can see.
- I'm saying no NYPD.
No forced entry.
What kind of break-in is this?
- Well. the quiet kind.
Top secret.
- OK.
So what do we know?
15 employees in the hospital.
9 in the ICU.
internal bleeding.
organ failure.
but no external injuries.
No blunt force.
- Could be like Havana.
Some kind of
directed-energy weapon.
- No other employees were
affected on any other floor.
This was a targeted attack.
-Hmm.
- Someone wanted something.
What do they even do up here?
-No idea.
And I bet you a sawbuck
that this guy's
not gonna tell us.
-I don't gamble anymore.
- Hey. hey. don't touch that.
-OK. that's no problem.
-Why?
- Hi. I'm Jubal Valentine.
Special Agent in Charge
of the New York Field Office.
This is Special Agent
Bill Goodman.
- And you are?
- I'm the development lead
at Critical Devices.
They said if there's ever
a problem. I follow protocol.
I had my security chief
call the FBI.
- Well. it sounds like
you did the right thing.
You want to tell us
what happened?
- I go out for a slice.
I come back.
I found my guys.
my whole team...
- Mm-hmm.
- Bleeding out
their ears somehow.
- You went out for a slice when
your whole team was attacked?
- Yeah.
- I want to know why this floor?
- We work on sensitive
government contracts.
They're worth billions.
- So it was a heist.
What'd they take?
- I really can't say. I'm sorry.
-Sawbuck.
-Help me out.
Let's say this was some kind
of Havana Syndrome attack.
How would our suspect
walk across the floor
when everyone else
was getting zapped?
- That's a really good question.
- I know.
- What's his problem?
- Who are you?
You didn't ride up with us.
- No. no. I came up on my own.
I'm DOD.
- We didn't ask
for anyone from DOD.
- Well. I'm not a guy
you ask for.
- Hey. don't touch that.
It's a crime scene.
Let's see some ID.
- OK. buddy. look.
I got clearance so high.
you need a ladder to reach it.
-Is that right?
-Yeah.
- Well. we'll see about that.
You wait right here.
All right?
Hey. did you know DOD was here?
- What? No. Where?
- Right there.
We need to shut
this building down.
- Lock the doors!
- Go! Go to the door!
- All right. clear.
I'll go down.
You go up.
- Meeting someone.
- So the feds think
this is a case they can make.
How very disappointing.
- Almost everything is.
- We couldn't keep
the feds out of it.
By the time your man
pinged on our systems.
their company's
security chief had already
called law enforcement.
- I'll find him.
- Your asset. Adrian?
- Yeah. Adrian Torres.
We worked together in Venezuela.
He was modifying battlefield
tech for guerrilla purposes.
So we placed him
at a defense contractor
when we exfil'd him.
They make these
sci-fi laser blaster things.
- Directed-energy weapons.
- Well. anyway.
I think that he turned one on
and aimed it at his coworkers
in order to steal something.
- This company. all they make
are doomsday devices.
This is bad.
- Very much so. yes.
Can't believe I'm saying this.
but I need a new Chuck.
- An FBI liaison?
- We can't operate
on your shores
without the FBI's say-so.
- Poor Chuck.
He let you do
whatever you wanted.
- Look. Nikki.
I need someone. anyone.
as long as they have
a badge and a pulse.
but we need to move fast.
- I need your absolute best.
- Yeah. well. I've got him.
He's a grinder.
He will work a case
until he makes sense of it.
no matter how complex.
-Is he a pushover?
-No. he's not.
- My guy's a handful.
He likes to drive
on the wrong side.
He's British.
It's a long story.
- Wait. he's British? How...
- Yeah. born here. raised there.
It's a long story.
- OK. well. I'm telling you.
this is your guy...
two tours in Afghanistan.
a law degree.
the highest honors
from University of Michigan.
starting pitcher on his
high school baseball team.
- What's his ERA?
- He's true blue.
- Well...
we don't see color.
Everything we do is gray.
- Right.
Yeah. come on in. Bill.
Sit down.
- I'll stand.
- OK. well. congratulations.
you've been selected to join
an elite CIA-FBI fusion cell.
-Excuse me?
-You're welcome.
- I didn't apply for that.
Never even heard of that unit.
- Well. then they're
doing their job.
- Why me?
- Mm. you've worked
organized crime. narcotics.
you're a jack-of-all-trades.
and. unlike me.
you manage up nicely
without being a total kiss-ass.
- Thank you. I think.
- See that? Very smooth.
Never just the thank-you.
This fusion cell. they...
they take on tricky situations
where the U.S. government
needs to use a lighter touch.
counterterrorism.
diplomatic flare-ups. you know.
- How long is this posting?
-It's hard to say.
-Hmm.
- You're honored. I'm sure.
Here. their hidey-hole.
Code's on the back.
- There's no floor number.
- What do I know?
- 8. 1. 2. 4.
Hmm.
8. 12?
- Special Agent Bill Goodman.
Colin Glass.
- You.
- Expecting someone else.
were you?
- DOD. huh?
Of course you're a spy.
- Nothing gets by the feds.
does it?
Right. I need you to hand in
all your electronic devices
and weapons. please.
-I'm not leaving my gun.
- Yeah. you are.
And your phone as well.
The whole station's a skiff.
Can't have hackers listening in
to our conversations now.
Come on. got work to do.
All right. right this way.
- You do this whole rigmarole
every day?
- Nah. I don't use
the visitor's entrance.
- All right. hey. look.
why don't we set aside
our differences
and just work the case?
How's that sound. Officer Glass?
- It's Colin.
And it's not a case.
It's an op.
Nikki. Gina.
this is Special Agent
Bill Goodman of the FBI.
We actually met
at the scene of this heist.
-Technically.
-Well. technically counts.
Gina Gogean here is
a crack intelligence analyst.
And this is Nikki Reynard.
Deputy Chief of Station
and one year removed
from a bonkers career
as a clandestine
operations officer.
- It's really nice
to have you. Bill.
So today's problem
is Critical Devices.
They design next-gen weapons
for the armed forces
and for special-ops groups.
As you know. last night.
someone staged
a robbery at their shop.
Whatever was taken.
it was dangerous.
We fear that one of our assets
may be involved. Adrian Torres.
If he is.
we need to get ahead of it.
Colin?
- Yeah. so I reached out
through our emergency channel.
Dead air. but that's protocol
if he feels exposed.
- I'll save you the time.
Problem here is.
your asset went bad.
- You're an expert
on working assets. are you?
- No. but I'm a whiz
at color by number.
- Bill. let's hear your theory.
- Look at the timeline.
Five years ago.
a Venezuelan weapons developer
starts feeding intel
to the CIA. builds trust.
You exfil'd.
set him up with a cushy job
and access to the very weapons
he used last night
to viciously disable
his coworkers
so he could rob them.
- So you think
Adrian is a dangle?
- Prove to me he isn't.
- You know. he risked his life
and his family's life
to help us.
- It wouldn't be
the first time the agency
fell for a sob story. would it?
- His cartel executed
his sister in broad daylight.
That wasn't theater.
When I brought him here.
they lost their best engineer.
and he has followed every rule.
- Whose idea was it to give him
access to weapons technology?
-He's not a double.
-How do you know?
- Because I know.
- OK. why don't we all put
everything back in our pants
and focus on the facts?
Since he arrived stateside.
Adrian has kept a low profile.
No travel. no extracurriculars.
no pets.
- Go back
to his financials. please.
There.
He's paying for a second
apartment in White Plains.
With a second phone line
installed?
Pull the log.
Who's he calling?
- One number. Bobby Pereira.
Works odd jobs.
drives for Uber...
And has an uncle on a watchlist
for cartel money laundering.
- He never mentioned
a Bobby Pereira.
- Oh. no?
So your asset's tight
with someone with cartel ties
and he just forgot
to mention that. huh?
- Colin. where are you going?
- I'm gonna run down a lead.
- Mind sharing
with the rest of the class?
- Yeah. I kind of do. actually.
- Colin?
- If this guy's
gonna wet himself
every time we cross a line.
then he is not our guy.
- Jubal says
he's one of their best.
- He's a Boy Scout
with a briefcase.
He's probably got a bedtime.
- You asked for an FBI liaison.
I got you someone who can
help you if you let him.
- Help me?
He's only been here five minutes
and accuses me
of running a double.
- Would you just get
your ego out of this?
Find your asset.
Put this to bed.
And don't forget.
you need him right now.
And. Colin.
don't do anything stupid.
- Stupid is a spectrum.
- Hello.
- Ian. it's Bill.
- If it isn't 007.
How's it going up there?
- Oh. it's something. all right.
I need a favor.
- First day of school.
already calling me
to do your homework?
What's the case file
for my record?
- Oh. it's not a case.
It's an op. or so I'm told.
Look. I need a full workup
on a name... fast.
- Finally.
Why haven't you
answered your phone?
This is exactly why
we have protocols in place.
-I'm being followed.
-What?
- Someone's following me.
Two blocks back.
I turn. so do they.
I speed up. so do they.
For ten blocks now.
-OK. OK. Bobby.
- I need your help. OK?
I'm scared.
- Take a deep breath.
Tell me exactly where you are.
- I'm on Fulton.
headed to Water Street.
- OK. stay on the phone.
I'm coming to you.
All right. in the meantime.
just do exactly as I say.
You still see them?
-Yeah. still there.
- Right. I want you
to cross the street.
- No. that's the side
of the street he's on.
- Bobby. calm down.
- Bobby?
You still there?
Bobby!
- Bobby Pereira.
let's see your hands.
Let me see your hands.
All right. stand up.
-Please.
Please. I didn't do anything.
Please.
- FBI.
- Hey. hey. Bill. Bill.
put the gun down.
It's not what you think. OK?
Bobby. you all right?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
- So you do know him.
What else are you lying about?
- Wait. you two know each other?
- No. we don't.
Who is he?
Gun!
Gun. gun. gun. gun. gun!
Bobby. Bobby.
-Ping. is he in?
-Yeah.
- Lock the door
behind us. please.
This way. this way. this way.
-Who's that?
-That's Ping.
-Yeah. who's Ping?
- We use his shop from time
to time when business is slow.
This way.
Dr. Russo.
- Who do we have here?
- Took one to the shoulder.
likely a 9-millimeter.
- Yep. passed clean through
between the scapula
and the clavicle.
-He's lost a lot of blood.
You are a real doctor?
- Special operation
surgical team.
most recently deployed in Kabul.
He'll live.
-Good. good.
- You gonna tell me
what's going on?
'Cause this guy Bobby.
who you pretended not to know.
should be at a hospital
in custody.
Looks like
he's the coconspirator
to a double agent.
- Bobby is not a coconspirator.
- He's...
he's Torres' partner.
- I don't see a difference.
- Well. that's quite clear.
He's Torres' romantic partner.
- What... Nikki. how the hell...
It's OK.
Tell her to give us a minute.
- You're really
gonna have to work
on that security detail.
Senator.
- It's UN Week.
So whatever it is you want.
Nikki. make it fast.
I've got an appointment
with Italy in ten.
- Oh. I'm assuming
that's Italy. huh?
Why I'm here.
Pretend there was a break-in
that no one will ever
talk about
at a defense contractor
that doesn't operate
in the city.
- Nikki. I can't.
- It gets worse.
Pretend there was software
stolen at this break-in.
-You're joking.
-Who's laughing?
What do you think
might have been stolen?
- So... directed-energy weapons.
- Hypothetically used
at last night's attack.
- Hmm.
- A dozen in the ICU.
- What if it didn't
just scramble brains?
What if software
could teach this thing
to scramble machinery?
-Machinery?
-Mm-hmm.
- Cars. planes?
- I believe
the contractor's pitch was.
if it flies. it dies.
- You should have told me.
- Oh. Bill.
I've kept their secret
for years from everyone.
from my own people.
just to keep them
and their families safe.
Why on Earth would I tell you?
We didn't even know each other.
- What a blissful life that was.
You have lied to me
from the jump.
- Oh. and you've been honest.
have you?
You didn't tell me
you were tailing Bobby.
- Well. I wouldn't have been
tailing him if we...
We're running in circles.
Just because they're lovers
doesn't mean
they aren't also terrorists.
- You should get that
put on a T-shirt.
- Colin.
I don't know where Adrian is.
He's on an upswing.
I think he's off his meds.
- Medication?
- He's bipolar.
When he gets like this.
everything is a fantasy.
He's so far away.
- Well. what does that mean?
- He's been coming home
late for weeks.
sending messages in secret.
I thought he was cheating.
so I checked his WhatsApp
when he was asleep.
and the messages
were written in code.
I took a picture on my phone.
- OK. well. where's your phone?
- I dropped it.
- I picked it up.
- Oh. well. I knew you'd
come in handy at some point.
Here. show me.
Did you ask him
about these messages?
- I haven't seen him in days.
And then last night. he calls me
and he said to meet him tonight
at JFK. 11:00 p.m.
I'm sorry.
- Hey.
- Yeah. Bobby. we're gonna
need to take this. OK?
- Do you think.
if that man tried to kill me.
is Adrian already dead?
- Hey. hey. hey. listen.
if I know Adrian.
it's gonna take a lot more
than a man on a motorbike
to get to him. OK?
- Please. when you find him...
he doesn't know what he's doing.
- Torres is in the wind.
His location's unknown.
His intentions are unknown.
Is there anything
that we do know?
- We know
he's fleeing the country.
- Yeah. with a weapon on every
terrorist's Christmas list.
- That's true.
He could flip this thing
back to his cartel contacts.
shoot down military aircraft.
- If he did turn.
he could sell it
to Iran to control
the Straits of Hormuz.
ISIS. North Korea.
- I don't think that's his plan.
- What do you think. new guy?
- The asset's been reliable.
but currently.
he's off his medication
and he's paranoid.
Do I think he's turned?
Honestly.
I don't know enough yet.
- Well. we know one thing
for sure.
We know where he's gonna be
in 90 minutes.
I cracked the WhatsApp code.
basic substitution cipher.
rotating key.
- Good.
Gina. what's the message?
- Right.
East River Park. 1:00 p.m.
- Scoop him up
with whoever he's meeting.
We'll sort out the rest later.
-On it.
- OK. If you see anything.
don't be a hero.
- Keller. I've got eyes
on Adrian.
He's south of me.
next to the hot dog stand
in a red beanie.
He's just made contact
with some ape-shaped guy
in a gray hoodie.
Do me a favor and paint him
for me ASAP.
Bill. seven o'clock.
Adrian has made contact.
Get a photo.
See if we can ID the other guy.
Gina. can you ID him?
- Working on it.
Low-level Venezuelan
arms dealer Jorge Santos.
Guy's one strike away from life
without possibility of paella.
- Well. what are we doing here?
I thought orders
were to bring him in.
- No. we don't engage.
This Santos guy is low level.
We follow.
Maybe he can lead us
to whoever's behind
whatever this is.
- You understand that?
It's gonna be fine.
Gun! Everybody down.
- Get down! Get down!
Get down! Get down!
Get down!
- Oh. my God!
- Forget the shooter.
Get Adrian.
Adrian. Hey. hey. hey.
It's me.
- Colin?
- Shooter fleeing
on a red Ducati west on Dover.
-Where's the drive?
-What?
-He took it.
- Oh. what a mess.
- OK. Santos is painted.
I'll track him.
Stay with Adrian.
Gina?
- Go. Go.
South of you. heading west
toward Water Street.
- Colin. carefully.
- He's right in front of you.
- Santos is dead.
They're trying to cover
their tracks. whoever this is.
And the drive is gone.
- He's cuffed to a radiator
in the bathroom.
I will read him his rights.
- What?
He's not under arrest. Bill.
- We don't do this
to people in America.
The FBI follows
the Constitution.
And so do I.
-Oh. and here it is.
You don't like the way I work.
- I have a duty
to uphold the law.
I took an oath.
How about you?
- Oh. don't wave
Old Glory at me.
You surrendered your leverage
when you screwed up at the park.
- I screwed up?
You didn't follow orders.
- That shooter made you for
a fed the moment he saw you.
OK. his medication's
probably kicked in by now.
I'm gonna question my asset.
-Oh. your asset?
You mean the one
who caused all this?
You know. if you're not gonna
listen to a word I say.
why even have me...
- Oh. at last. he gets it.
You took your time.
- You just need me and my shield
to operate on U.S. soil.
Is that right?
I'm just a tool to you?
- Yeah. you are.
I need you to work domestically.
And this is my op.
not your case.
So if you have a problem
with that. there's the door.
- But I read your file. Bill...
and I actually think
I know your mind
better than
you know it yourself.
I can tell. deep down.
that you are dying
to do what I do.
You've been living
this black-and-white FBI life.
but you know it's bollocks.
You know that this is where
the real problems of the world
get solved. here in the gray.
Look. I can get another
halfwit agent up here
in ten minutes. so
either get on board or don't.
but make your mind up right now
because I've got a job to do.
The FBI closes cases.
We keep the world safe.
So this is how you repay
my trust. is it?
- Have I not done enough
for this country?
-Sit down.
-Have I not risked enough?
-Colin.
- You were going to sell
an American-made superweapon
to the highest bidder.
- I spent ten years of my life
building weapons
to kill people. and when
I came to this country.
I promised myself
that I would do everything
in my hands to keep people safe.
So no. it was never meant
to be a weapon.
I designed it for defense.
But. Colin.
they took it from me.
and I intend to free it.
- Well. slow down. Adrian.
Who took it?
Your employer. Critical Devices?
- Yes.
Listen. I wrote the software
that can detect and disrupt
the frequencies
of directed-energy attacks.
I did that to keep planes
and boats
and American soldiers safe.
They weaponized it.
I was just gonna expose them.
- Expose them?
Please don't tell me you thought
you were gonna blow the whistle.
- That man in the park.
what'd he tell you?
- He works for a journalist.
a writer that covers
the defense industry.
He...
We struck up
a conversation at a bar.
- Adrian. you were a mark.
-No.
-Yeah.
-Colin. no. no. no.
-Yes. No. you were.
And if you'd been taking
your medication.
you would have realized that.
- He wasn't a journalist.
That man was an arms dealer.
and he's dead now.
His own people
must have taken him out
after they tried to kill Bobby.
-Is Bobby OK?
-He is.
- Colin. is Bobby OK?
- Yeah.
- But they tried to eliminate
him to cover their tracks.
and they would have
killed you too.
- Adrian. the man in the park.
we need a name.
Who does he work for?
- Samuel Acevedo.
you can look him up.
He has a website.
- This the guy?
- Yeah. that's him.
- Oh. well. it just gets better
and better. doesn't it?
I know who this is.
His name is Saul Obregon.
also an arms dealer wanted in
God knows how many countries.
Yeah. he's used
this ploy before.
posing as a journalist
to get close to his targets.
- Do you know where he is now?
- OK. all right. stay here.
Keep an eye on him.
I need to go see a source.
try and fix what you've broken.
Retirement looks good on you.
- I never left completely.
I just ignore those
return to office emails.
- You know. in Venezuela.
I got made.
As an American asset.
the cartel was on their way
to kill me.
and they actually
killed my sister.
- I'm sorry.
- The CIA pulled
the whole operation.
and Colin was supposed
to take a plane back home.
but instead he hid me
and Bobby in a Jeep
and drove ten hours to La Guaira
and then smuggled us
into a ship.
- Ten hours with Colin
is punishment enough.
- We were shot at.
He drove with a bullet
in his shoulder
and didn't stop
until we were safe.
He is a bully and a liar.
I'll never meet a greater man.
- Consider this a finder's fee
for what I know
you already know.
- How did you know
I was looking for this?
I was in Kyiv in 2019?
OK. now tell me what you know.
- Obregon's got his hands
on something big. valuable.
Some of my old clients
were interested.
It's too bad I don't broker
those arrangements anymore.
- A directed-energy weapon?
- Hypersonic. future tech.
But he hit a snag.
- Yeah. he had the hardware
but not the software
until recently.
- Then what are you missing?
- Oh.
You don't know.
- Don't know what. Sonya?
- Obregon is auctioning it off.
But first he's going
to demonstrate the weapon today
in New York City.
- This might be
the most insane idea
you've ever pitched me.
which is a high bar.
-Oh. thank you.
-Oh. it was all his idea.
But I'm in.
- We're gonna launch a chopper
over the East River
so that Saul Obregon
can shoot it out of the sky
with a sound weapon is the plan?
- The long and the short of it.
yeah.
- Why can't we
ground air traffic
until we locate Saul Obregon?
- Obregon told buyers
to watch the skies
over the East River
at 4:00 p.m.
That's from my source.
If we don't give them a target.
we lose the window.
We lose the weapon.
- That's rush hour in the city.
thousands of signals...
radio. cellular. microwave.
interference everywhere.
- Adrian Torres
designed this software.
knows the signature.
Says he can pinpoint it
within seconds.
- Goodman. you wanted to lock
this guy up this morning.
Now you're willing
to stake lives on this asset.
- I am.
I trust Torres.
- Why?
- Knowledge I've gathered
on this ca... op.
Plus. my gut says so.
- Do they go with their gut
in the FBI?
- Not so much. but I'm trying
all kinds of new stuff today.
Your buddy the pilot.
is he ready?
- Known him since Quantico.
We can rely on him.
- You think this is
really gonna work?
- I never said that.
I said I hope it works.
- When you get up in the air.
you're gonna be
on the radio with Colin. Now...
- Hey. no disrespect.
but why should I trust him?
- Because I'm asking you to.
- All right. it's the weirdest
operation I ever heard of.
- Thanks very much. Charlie.
I'll take that as a compliment.
- Helicopter 2874 Hotel Sierra.
Requesting clearance
for takeoff.
- So once the weapon
is operational.
you think 60 seconds
to disable the chopper?
- Yeah. 60 seconds.
could be less.
It all depends
on beam characteristics.
- 60 seconds. maybe less.
Did you hear that. Bill?
- Hey. I said we'll get it done.
We will get it done.
- OK. fellas. how you doing?
- We're clear
with the east side tower.
Good for an eastward departure
over the river.
- OK. well. Godspeed.
- OK. chopper's airborne.
-Anything?
-Nope. nothing.
- Damn it.
Colin. I got people
in every building
six blocks north and south
of the heliport.
No Saul Obregon.
-Come on.
- We've been hit.
Lost flight control
and navigation.
- Ground team
is ready to respond.
You just keep her airborne.
We will shut it down.
- Make it fast.
Engine failing.
and we're losing hydraulics.
- Drone's got a hit.
Searching now.
Got it.
- Colin. it's three blocks
south of you. maybe less.
We can't pinpoint it just yet.
- Well. they can't be.
The FBI's already
searched that area.
- Ground team. report.
What's your ETA?
- We're working on it. Charlie.
Bill. what if
he's not in a building?
What if he's mobile?
- Well. if he's mobile.
then he still needs
line of sight to the helicopter.
- Gina. if he was in a vehicle.
where would he be?
-I don't know.
Anywhere between Wall Street
and Old Slip.
East of Pearl. maybe.
- Lock up South Street.
We're gonna head him off.
- Come on.
- Hey. Gina. where am I going?
- Need a few more seconds.
Got a location on the weapon.
He's just ahead of you
on the right.
- Turn right here.
- I can't.
That's a one-way street.
- Turn right right here!
We need to block off the street!
- Oh. come on.
- Ground team. report.
Not sure how much longer I can
keep this thing airborne.
- FBI is on foot. Charlie.
Bill is gonna
shut this thing down.
- Pickup truck!
Go. go. go!
FBI! Drop it!
Drop it!
Hands up!
- Get out of the vehicle... now!
Shut it down.
- It's too late.
- Move.
- Nikki. I'm in.
- Just another moment.
Un momento mas.
por favor. un momento.
-We have control.
-Shut it down.
- Done. disabled.
- Hotel Sierra. come in.
- Gina. get me eyes
on the chopper.
- Hotel Sierra. come in.
Guys. are you still there?
- We're down.
Controls are fried.
Had to do a full autorotation.
Wasn't pretty.
but we made it happen.
-Let's go.
-Is Charlie...
- He's down on the ground.
He's OK.
They're OK.
- Adrian?
Adrian!
- Fine. I'll say it...
without your asset.
we would have been cooked.
- Yeah. I told you.
you just needed to trust me.
- Well. thing is. you know.
I know what I look like.
how I seem. a Boy Scout.
But I've been burned before.
so I don't really trust anyone.
- Well. as far as I'm concerned.
those are the only people
worth trusting.
- You know.
if things were different.
we might have been friends.
- Ah. let's not get
too carried away. shall we?
Nice knowing you.
- Take care.
Hey. what you said.
that you read in my file
that made you so sure
this was what I want
to be doing...
you didn't read my file.
- Of course not.
I'm not allowed to read
FBI personnel documents.
- He's a liar and a liability.
but he's effective.
- You can...
you can handle him?
- I can.
- Good.
because you are being
permanently detailed
to the fusion cell.
And they are lucky to have you.
- What's the catch?
- Yeah. a little thing. we...
well. FBI counterintelligence
believes there's a mole
in CIA's New York operation.
And it is your job
to find him or her...
however deep
they're burrowed in.
Someone up there
likes you for this.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-